Ctor 1045 monitoring connectors add protocol in sidebar titles when missing (#4859)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-sensors-sensorip-snmp.md

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="HW-Sensor-Sensorip-SNMP-custom" label="HW-Sensor-Sensorip-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias  | Service Template                               | Service Description                                                              |
|:---------------|:-----------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Sensorip-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all sensors (global status, , temperatures, humidity, switch) of equipment |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Sensorip-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all the sensors (global status, temperatures, humidity, switch) of the device |
```

> | Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Sensorip-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all sensors (global status, , temperatures, humidity, switch) of equipment |

Author: ```suggestion
| Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Sensorip-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all the sensors (global status, temperatures, humidity, switch) of the device |
```
